hey folks welcome to the Eric Metaxas
show remember when I told you that I
would bring you the stars of stage and
screen
some of you mocked well let me tell you
something I get the last laugh because
my guest right now is none other than
Pat Boone ha Pat Boone welcome to the
program great to be with you Eric I
admire you you know that we've had a
couple of conversations before and I
couldn't wait to have this one well I
can't get enough of you you're just a
joy to talk with and I am honored that
you're aware of my my work and are
willing to be on with us I want to talk
to you about everything I want to talk
to you about America because you have
lived through some history and you have
a perspective a lot of people do not
have you're a patriot so right now what
do you see happening in this country
where do you think we are with this
strange situation this virus well I
found like a doomsday speaker but I I
see this as a worldwide catastrophe
which it is and I don't think it's an
accident I think God has brought it
about people will be offended when I say
that but I'm gonna read you if we have
time I'll read you a couple of
scriptures that verify that God causes
things to happen to get our attention
well right now he's got our attention at
least in broad terms
he's got our attention but now he wants
to know our intention what are we gonna
do if he delivers us from this body of
death which is what we're in right now
we're in a catastrophe beyond what we've
what we have been able to really
evaluate because the economy the whole
economy is in terrible shape we have
ruined the economy we have ruined our
systems we have we're now in this
horrible plague we're worried about
70,000 possible deaths in America
meanwhile
we've gotten used to the fact that 70
thousand Americans die each year from
drug abuse we're committing national
suicide in stages that's 70,000 deaths
from just voluntary self abuse of drugs
and 300,000 or more from smoking and
over a million abortions now that's that
adds up to 2 million Americans dying
every year and we're used to it
accepting it and now we're at this point
that we're it's all a matter of
perspective they've kind of ratcheted up
the value of a coronavirus death as
though we've never experienced death
before and we've got to stop all these
deaths and then you realize what are you
talking about there's death all around
us and while we have to be wise let's
not pretend that when the economy tanks
that's going to cause all kinds of
deaths whether from medical conditions
from suicides so it seems to me that
that the media and the big government
aficionados are playing a game where
they see an opportunity to use the kovat
pandemic to scare people into losing or
giving up some of their freedoms and
that to me is is my biggest concern
right now it is a major concern and you
keep hearing all these Braves statements
I mean on Fox and I love Bret Baier and
all that we're gonna get through this
we're gonna get back to normal we're
going to get to normal again it's going
to be even bigger and better than ever
these are all these bold statements that
people make meanwhile the plague is
continuing and at any moment we don't
understand that it could break out again
and sweep across the nation and across
the world
and an even worse way we think we've got
it somehow under control but we don't
and and and God is just waiting if you
think you're gonna go back to what you
can
when this is done if I lead you out of
this and you want to go back to being
what you think is normal which is stuff
that that is taking God's name off
everything
calling scripture hate speech not
letting children even say a prayer at
the beginning of a school day taking
God's name out of the Pledge of
Allegiance of the Declaration of
Independence of the plan and all these
things if you think you're going to go
back to that that's your normalcy then
forget it
God is not mocked and we have isn't we
call us a nation under God and his name
is on our currency look what we're doing
to our currency it's becoming worthless
trillions of dollars of paper printed
with God's name on each piece of paper
and god we trust'
but we're not trusting in God it's irony
it's it's hypocrisy and and God is just
not gonna put up with it any longer
it's time it's a crunch time in human
history we are at an apex and and Eric I
know you know that that it was not a
coincidence that as we reach the peak
the projected peak of the of the cases
and the deaths and that that at that
moment we celebrated Passover and Easter
two times in which God rescued people
his people from impossible situations
rescued them supernaturally because they
fell in the faces and prayed and and and
the Passover of course there was a death
in every Egyptian home but the Israel
Israelites came came out free and and
from slavery 400 years of slavery and
and in Easter which was started on
Passover and ad 33 where Jesus broke the
bread and said this is my body this is
my blood I am the last Passover lamb and
I'm shedding my blood and giving my body
for you to rescue you from certain death
from eternal death and in both those
situations God came through for us
but look what look what
we've done with his blessings and he's
just not going to deliver us to what we
call normalcy it's interesting because
you know we've been through a lot as a
country but this seems to me you know
you're one of the few people who was
alive you know during the the second war
you know we haven't been through
anything it seems to me since then
and then of course the depression but
but we've been living through times that
have been so blessed so free of
catastrophe even 9/11 is a blip come
when you think about what people have
been through in the world through
history we've been able to ignore death
we've been able to ignore the question
of what about God what does God require
of me what happens to me when I die and
it seems to me that this crisis does
rise to that level to push people to a
place where we have not been and so I'm
agreeing with you that if ever there
were a time to consider things that we
have been able very successfully to
ignore this this is that time I do think
many people that are coming to faith and
are thinking about eternal things now in
a way that they simply didn't in decades
pass because it's so easy to distract
ourselves yes you mentioned of course
9/11 and that's been very much on my
mind to remember after 9/11 when the
nation was shocked and we thought how
can this happen on our own soil this has
happened in our country watch the towers
come down and and the whole nation was
shaken and the churches were filled Eric
suddenly everybody was going to church
for about two weeks three weeks maybe a
month and then everything goes back to
normalcy and we now we continue taking
God's name off everything and you can't
pray you if a high school valedictorian
wants to mention Jesus and his speech or
her speech no you can't do that somebody
may be offended take God's name off
everything
if you're going to preach about things
that are definitely scriptural and their
own offense to God if you're going to
preach about those then you may be
arrested for hate speech and that's
where this is so horrible that that in
the heartwarming stories on television
about how the doctors nurse is under
great pressure you know in this
coronavirus so concerned about giving
the side because it's a radio show I'm
gonna cut you off right there we're
gonna be right back my apologies we'll
be right back folks with great Pat Boone
don't go away
hey there folks welcome back it's the
Eric Metaxas show I was having to cut
off my dear friend and brother Pat Boone
because we have we have these segments
and we have to go to commercials and
things but Pat you were just saying
something I want you to just to go back
to make sure we didn't miss what you
were what you were saying at the end of
the last segment well you'll have to
remind me was it about 9/11 oh oh I know
it was that that the television that
they've had the heartwarming stories
about the doctors and the nurses being
so concerned about pregnant women in the
corona virus they're so concerned what's
this going to do to my time you're going
to have my child and is it going to
affect a child in my womb meanwhile
while this two or three trillion dollar
bailout package is created the Democrats
Pelosi Schumer are demanding five
hundred million more for Planned
Parenthood's so we can kill a million
babies in the - in the wombs we want to
save the one over here in the corona
virus meanwhile we want to taxpayers pay
five hundred million so we can afford a
million more babies it is this is the
crazy world we're living in and God's
fed up with it man he's not gonna put up
with it any longer and there are calls
for return to God thank goodness well
it's interesting I was just in a
conversation with someone who is very
very strongly anti Trump but but a
Christian and I I guess the thing that I
can never get my head around is how
there are people in the church who
purport to be serious Christians
who don't understand that the legalized
killing of children in the womb now into
the ninth month is exactly on the level
with slavery you can't say yes but
there's no other but I mean this is
happening it is amazing to me that they
are able to talk around it and to talk
around the fact that one party is
pushing very very hard to fund this most
nefarious of organizations Planned
Parenthood with our tax dollars I mean I
I have to say I I lose the ability to
think clearly went just when I think
about that and they speak about it in
such hallowed terms it's a right it's
choice it's a woman's right to choose
over her own body and I keep saying but
what about that other body in her body
does that body not have any right
whatsoever and and they don't even want
to consider that it's a woman's right to
choose so I keep saying look I'm all for
choice I really am I'm for choice
I want the choice to take place before
conception what make your choices about
whether you want to have a baby or not
now there not many people there may be a
few young girls still who don't
understand that having sex might lead to
pregnancy but they're very few women
even teenage girls in this day and age
who don't know in fact I I don't know if
we have time I'll tell you a story that
settled that question for us years ago
when it wasn't so obvious but my four
daughters were in school in her liberal
school a girls school I wanted them in a
girls school so that I couldn't worry
about boys while they were just in their
preteens attend and and so Debbie came
home from school one day with his
sisters and she was red-eyed and she was
in tears what's the matter she said
there was a there was an exhibit in
biology today in school and it was a
baby in a bottle daddy what a baby in a
bottle yeah they they said had another
name I said what a fetus yeah that was
it
they said it was a fetus in a bottle but
it was a baby I saw his eyes and
and his toenails and fingernails and and
its hands his fingers and it was a and
she's she's sobbing in tears it was an
exhibit you know a biological exhibit
and there was a baby in a bottle
I used that opportunity I said God girls
your four daughters one of these days if
you're not careful if you're not as
moral out as I want you to be as I think
you want to be one of these days one of
you may come home pregnant and if you do
you will not know what's in your tummy
you will know that it is a child you've
just seen it with your own eyes and
we're gonna have that child that baby we
will not kill that baby and and if we
have to raise that child as your sister
we will do it I want you to be thinking
about it you know it you've seen it with
your own eyes now this is when they were
in there in their early teens and so
that settled the question at the Boone
house and you know I've been strongly
pro-life all this time everybody cries
out for the life of the woman what about
the woman of the majority of babies the
majority of babies in the aborted are
women of course therefore yet it's
women's rights what about the woman in
the tomb in the womb well and let's be
honest most women who have abortions
suffer it's not something that usually
improves their lives and they don't even
have a forum where they can discuss this
they're told shut up this was a good
thing many of many women are walking
around with horrific guilt they probably
don't know that there's a Jesus who
wants to forgive them and love them and
so it affects all women negatively
whether they know it or don't I want to
I want to go back to you said you wanted
to read some scriptures and I want to
make sure we have time for that yeah
this is so pertinent because we love and
situations like this and this in
particular we love to quote second
Chronicles 7:14 don't we
second Chronicles 7:14 if my people who
are called by my name we say yeah that's
us will humble themselves
oh yeah we're humble and pray or we pray
and seek my oh yeah turn from their
wicked ways well we'll skip over that
and then I will hear from heaven and
forgive their sin and heal their land
we claim that as our own because we are
descended from the from the people of
Israel he this came and when Solomon was
dedicating his temple as you know and
he'd create twenty years to build this
incredible edifice a temple to worship
God and so we quote that scripture as if
it applies to us and it does however we
don't read 2nd chronicles 713 and this
is Solomon
he's voicing God's will at these at the
dedication of this incredible temple one
night the Lord appeared to Solomon said
I've heard your prayer that's what we
hope for and if chosen this temple is
the place for making sacrifices at times
I might shut up the heavens so that no
rain falls or command grasshoppers to
devour your crops or send plagues among
you I God may do this then if my people
who recall by my name will humble
themselves and pray and seek my face and
turn from their wicked ways I'll hear
from heaven and will forgive their sins
and heal their land we say hallelujah
what about that turn from their wicked
ways well ya know what we're trying
we're good people no gods God is not
mocked and then what the next few verses
but if you are your descendants
abandoned me and disobey the decrees and
commands I've given you and if you serve
in worship other gods and we are the
gods of choice the gods of drugs the
gods of materialism all these things
then I will uproot the people from this
land that I've given them I will reject
this temple I've made holy I will make
it an object of mockery and ridicule
among the nations
and the people will ask why did the Lord
do such terrible things to this land and
his temple and the answer will be
because his people abandoned the Lord
the god of their ancestors and that's
that's God's Word to us today they're
people like Jonathan Cahn and others I
know you respect them they're planning
this event in Washington soon as we're
able to travel in fact I think it's
scheduled for the end of September
unless they unless they postpone it a
little called the return and their
calling will be calling people from all
over this country to come to Washington
I think having a major rededication of
this country to God people keep talking
about repentance that that's the one
thing that is lacking you know there's
one thing to pray it's one thing to to
say a lot of spiritual things that are
good but repentance
the the the line in their second
chronicles turn from their wicked ways
which means you repent turn our minds
away from our the wicked things which
we've been doing and worshiping and and
that to me is important that we as a
nation repent and of course that means
the church that the church on behalf of
the rest of the nation would repent
which the president would issue an
proclamation for this upcoming National
Day of Prayer may 7th of repentance
that's historical because we've had many
presidents in the past many many
presidents who have issued proclamations
not just national days of Prayer and
humiliation and and repent but but also
of repentance so it's an historical
thing it's not outside the boundaries of
what we do historically and maybe we
haven't done it historically lately but
there's no doubt that there's a that
there is historical precedent for for a
president to do that certainly the
church to do it we're gonna go to break
folks I'm talking to Pat Boone I know
you're not going to go away and I'm
certainly not gonna do it wait and he's
not gonna go away so we'll be right back
hey folks welcome back as the equity
taxes show
I just referenced the National Day of
Prayer which comes up it's coming up May
7th well look I always think oh yeah oh
yeah with Shirley Dobson the wonderful
Shirley Dobson the wife of of our friend
Jim Dobson who got this going but you
know what there were other people
involved one of them is my guest Pat
Boone Pat please tell us about this
whole thing how it got started
I tell you they've been wonderful
moments in my life but certain ones just
really stand out and I thank God for
them and one is getting something on our
national calendar in perpetuity the
National Day of Prayer used to have to
begin each year in one house of Congress
Senate or the House somebody would
propose it present a bill that would
work its way through both houses of
Congress and finally get to the
president it wasn't on a set day it had
to start fresh every year
well while Reagan was president on it
bright and I became chairman of the
National Day of Prayer and our goal was
to get it in perpetuity on a set day on
the national calendar well Ronald Reagan
was all for it of course so we met in
the Oval Office and and I had pictures
where we signed he signed the
Declaration and by netbright and I and
rabbis and ministers were there around
Reagan and he made the first Thursday in
May which this year is May 7th the first
Thursday in May the National Day of
Prayer calling the whole nation to pray
and I am right now trying to go through
Jay Sekulow land and Paul of white and
others that are close to the President
to go ahead and follow up on what he did
at Easter when we heard the president
himself say this day celebrates the the
resurrection of our Lord and Savior
Jesus Christ Trump said that in the Oval
Office sitting behind its desk and I
don't I don't know if Ronald Reagan had
said that in office or that is in public
that way but this this president the
bull in the china shop that he is and a
new Christian that he
he's got people around him who can who
can say you know this that is what this
is about mr. president why don't you and
I wrote an article in WorldNetDaily
calling for a National Day of Prayer
that is of fasting and prayer like
Lincoln when in the Civil War when we
were torn completely apart and they
looked to be no hope we were going to be
divided into at least two nations when
Lincoln who was disliked by at least
half the electorate they hated him
because he wanted to abolish slavery and
he was trying to pull the two parts of
the country back together
he called for a day of national fasting
and prayer and I'm sure half the nation
didn't participate but maybe half did
and in less than two years the nation
was united the war was over slavery was
abolished and Lincoln was assassinated I
mean he gave his life to bring the
nation back together and he did it on a
day of national fasting and prayer and
may 7th is coming up and it's just
around the corner and if people are not
receptive to want to pray and get on our
knees and if necessary go a lot of
people forced fasting they don't have
money to buy food they don't have food
if there was ever a good time to have
fasting and prayer for one day to ask
God to reenter our national life and to
really be the one who who we said we are
one nation under and whose name is on
our currency which made it the most
valuable currency in the world and we
are now debasing that to an astonishing
degree to live currency soon will have
no value at all but we must come back to
the foundational principles that made
America who we are or I just don't think
God's gonna let us continue well you
know Pat the scripture of course says
we're two or more gathered in my name
there I am in the midst of them so you
and I are two there are a lot of people
listening it seems to me that you and I
representing the church could decide to
do this too
asked and to pray and to pray repentance
over this country on that day and that
we can use social media and this program
to get others to follow us I know there
are many pastors around this president
of course this president is is consumed
with dealing with this pandemic and with
the economy and and it's tough to get a
hold of him during a time like this but
but we are the church and I and I think
maybe before we close the program you
and I can pray because I do think that
leadership comes from any of us who are
called by his name and I think there are
so many people in America right now who
who agree with us and they're looking
for leadership and I can't think of
anybody better than you if you don't
mind my putting you in that position
just to declare with me that we're going
to do that on the 7th of May and and
that we're going to encourage others to
join us and who knows how many will join
us we know that you know God is a
gracious God and many in the church will
do it so I feel like you've you've given
us a spectacular idea we're going to go
to another break I want to hear much
more from you but I III I think that
that's just something that perhaps you
and I can covenant to do and we can get
as many people as we know to do it on
may 7th to fast and to pray and to do
what it says in 2nd chronicles and
whoever joins us joins us that's between
them and God folks I'm talking to Pat
Boone and we are having a wonderful
conversation do not go away we'll be
right back
hey folks welcome back as the air
contacts or so I have the privilege of
talking to my friend and brother in
talking to you you cheer me up you've
got a sunny personality which is why I
think you had such early success in in
Hollywood there's something about you
your horse
what who uses the word wholesome anymore
but I think if you look it up in the
dictionary if there are dictionaries
your face is in there I want to talk to
you really briefly just about what when
did God become so important in your life
was there a moment or a season where you
strayed and came back how did that work
for you oh well this would be quite a
story if I if I give you much detail but
but I will say this as a kid and and and
I'm maybe I'm not taking credit for this
because I didn't do it but I I was born
with a high IQ like you we both were
given unusual intelligence I think and I
not always have exhibited it but but at
least I know it's there
and as a kid at 11 and 12 years old in
my church background we were a Christian
family it was expected that a kid at the
age of 12 or by the age of 12 would walk
down an aisle and confess his faith and
ask God to forgive his sins whatever
they might be at 11 or 12 and and and
asked the Lord to be his Savior well I
knew that was expected of me but I
wanted to know why and so I was reading
the Bible for myself at 11 and 12 and I
got to my brother Nick a year before me
walked down the island to my surprise
and became a Christian before me and now
everybody's looking what's the matter
with Pat and I wanted to know why what
is this about and I came to Matthew
10:32 where Jesus is saying if anyone
will confess me before men I will
confess him before my father in heaven
if anyone denies me I will have to deny
him before my father a 12 a 13 year old
kid can understand that I did say oh I'm
supposed to confess Jesus now and accept
him as my savior and Lord
and then he I saw myself and a vast sea
in my mind of people saying Jesus
remember me I was 12 I was 13 I confess
to you I'm one of yours
and and and I walked down the aisle and
I was baptized and it made a difference
in my life and
ever since so I know that I belong to
the Lord I always have since I was
barely 13 years old however Jesus said
on that last day many will say to me
Lord Lord didn't me do mighty things in
your name and and and you'll say depart
from me I never knew you and he's
talking to believers and and so just the
fact that we are saved initially doesn't
mean that we necessarily continue to
please God and enter into eternal
habitations unless Jesus said you're
willing to pick up a cross and follow me
that's not appetizing it's not what we
mostly want to do but it is a it is a
progress it is a path that we take and
if we stray from that path of the five
virgins the foolish virgins and the wise
virgins and they're all at the wedding
feast they're waiting for the wedding to
take place they're in the wedding party
five had the Holy Spirit and the oil
five did not the five who did have the
Holy Spirit were entered into the
wedding ceremony and the the Porsche
lumps that didn't have oil in their
lamps that is they had not they didn't
care to prepare for the wedding it is a
process it's a growth process it's it is
it is a path we're supposed to take
following Jesus and it's not easy and so
we've tried to here in Hollywood as an
entertainer I my four daughters I can
say to you that my four daughters
they've confirmed it to me since they
were married here in Beverly Hills
California surrounded by entertainers
making movies but still we were always
going to church though I was living as a
hypocrite at some of that time we were
still trying to follow the Lord and my
four daughters married for Christian
guys as virgins in Hollywood California
in their 20s lived at home until they
were married now people will say of what
what a stick-in-the-mud you are you I
mean they they don't necessarily think
that's a great thing in this permissive
age but I as a father of four daughters
and now grandfather six
Dean beautiful grandkids and ten great
grandkids and proud of what God did in
our lives not through me but because I
exposed my children to the word and we
were following this path together even
in the entertainment business and I just
know what he's done for let's be honest
it doesn't matter what we think of these
ideas these are God's ideas and when
people say I mean I think you know to
figure this out theologically if
somebody says I believe I have confessed
the point is you can't fool God if you
really believe your actions will reveal
your belief your actions will reveal
your gratitude to the one who died for
you Bonhoeffer calls it cheap grace and
others you can you can give it lip
service but if you actually do believe
it if it's not just lip service then it
will be reflected in in the way that you
live so we're not talking about
works/righteousness we're not talking
about earning our salvation by picking
up the cross the point is that if you
know what Jesus did for you you want to
pick up that cross you want to do
anything you can do to follow him and
and I think it's important we say that
so I'm just glad I'm so glad you brought
that up Pat I just always want to talk
to you for hours and hours so we've just
got a few minutes left what do you do
for fun during this pandemic I know
you're in Beverly Hills or someplace
wonderful like that yeah Beverly Hills
is right Save house for 60 years now
we've been living in the same house
right in the epicenter of Beverly Hills
my pool is heated so I swim I swim two
or three days a week I ride my bike like
it yesterday afternoon lots of people
riding their bikes and walking from
Beverly Hills sidewalks now with our
masks and I you know I stay I stay
healthy I'm finishing my last book I'm
editing it now it's called if the one
word if the word is in the Bible about
five hundred times and and that's we
just quoted the most famous if if my
people who are called by my name people
but and it's the if is it
the everlasting choice we all must make
and one side of the if is God wants you
to come to heaven he's made all the
preparations and done everything you can
do to get you to come to heaven the
other side of the if is do you want it
are you willing to do what it takes to
get to go to heaven with him and and it
is just not a question of the belief
because the Bible says even the devil's
believe they know who Jesus is they know
better than we do he's the son of God
and the Savior and they tremble because
they're doomed and so we've got to act
that that's a perfect place to just to
take a break we're gonna be back
continuing the conversation with Pat
Boone hey folks I am talking to Pat
Boone and I always have fun but it's a
lot more than fun I'm there's joy here
Pat um we were talking earlier about you
know the seriousness of what it means to
say I believe in Jesus or I trust God or
whatever to actually live it out you've
got to count the cost you got to say do
I really want to do this do I just want
to give it lip service I think as a
nation we're at a crossroads you were
talking about that your new book is
going to be called if and we were
talking about chronicles if my people
who are called by my name will humble
themselves and pray and turn from their
wicked ways I will heal their land I
mean this is it's such a big Scripture
and I said earlier that you and I just
as as believers we can we can call the
church to a day of repentance maybe the
present maybe somebody can send this
video or this audio to the president's
people and get him on board with this
for the National Day of Prayer the
seventh of May
because I do think it's important so I
wanted
would you pray a brief prayer along
these lines and I will follow up before
we go to a break would you please do
that for us yep yes sure holy Lord our
God we love you we love you we trust you
we know you love us Father that we can
call the God of all creation father
father and you you want us to be your
children but we heard Jesus say if any
man will follow me let him take up his
cross and follow me we know that there
will be prices to pay we know Lord it
will be a rocky road if we follow you
because it was for Jesus and it will be
for us but the rewards are great for the
joy that was set before him he endured
the cross so Lord we we called out to
you on behalf of our nations because you
say if my people who are called by my
name will humble themselves and pray and
seek my face turn from their wicked ways
I'll hear from heaven forgive their sin
heal their land Lord you hear us we will
fast
we will pray will take a day will take
days we will come before you we will
seek your face and we will ask you to
give us another chance Lord to be a
nation under God and we ask you Lord to
give us that one more chance and the
holy name of Jesus our Savior father God
I thank you for this time with Pat and I
ask you Father to move miraculously
through this conversation that I'm
having with Pat now to lead people to
want to do this with us that many many
many Americans and those outside this
nation as well would humble themselves
and pray particularly on the 7th of May
for your purposes Lord God that we would
do this that we your people would lead
in this and we pray that you would move
miraculously in this Lord to get this
into the precincts of power as you
define power father God that there would
be more prayers and more fasting more
intercession going up to the throne
because we are living through a crucial
time we ask you Father to bless that and
to lead us through that miraculously
amen Pat I will tell you I don't
normally pray on this program this seems
to be an extraordinary opportunity I am
so grateful to you Pat for being willing
to be my guest
I cannot wait I want to come to
I want to come to your house in Beverly
Hills and I want to interview you by the
pool that is my next goal in life we're
gonna have to leave it there my brother
thank you so much I'm just very grateful
to you for this time and thank you for
that prayer god bless you thank you Eric
hey folks I want to recommend a new book
to you that I've recently read entitled
reflections on the existence of God by
Richard II Simmons this book is a
collection of short essays focusing on
life's biggest questions how did we get
here where do we find meaning in life
who determines what is evil and does God
even exist this book is easy to read
because it's divided into a series of
brief essays perfect for a devotional or
discussion with a friend I highly
recommend that you had a copy of
reflections on the existence of God to
your pandemic reading list Simmons also
asks questions to speak directly to the
one most important things you possess
your worldview your worldview as you
know is going to impact the way you live
your life for better or for worse if you
want to challenge yourself to spiritual
and intellectual growth and be willing
to ask yourself life's toughest
questions dive in today and click below
to order your copy of reflections on the
existence of God right now reflections
on the existence of God check it out
very important stuff